feat: updates to ban process (#67)
electron/governance: playbooks/responses/first-warning.md

[[at-mention]] your comment was [[minimized|deleted]] as a violation of [the Electron Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). You may consider this an official warning.

> Additionally, **please do not interact with the project for 24 hours.** After that, please look through your open issues and edit them to ensure they're entirely on-topic, and we can continue the discussion here about the best way to engage going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please do not interact with the project for 24 hours.** After that, please look through your open issues and edit them to ensure they're entirely on-topic, and we can continue the discussion here about the best way to go forward.
```
